Lecture 1 - 10/17/22
on the internet nobody knows your a dog.

^ this meme sums up your product

need to add cryptography means to ensure
who you are dealing with on the internet
is who they say they are.

you can ensure that a user is legitimate from
digital signature? For datalink: how do you know
the digital signaturei from a legit user not a bot,
fake user

Merkle Trees
hash each data item - these are the leaves
hash together pairs of data items - branches
hash together pairs of pairs until root hash

This ensures the data of our tree has not been changed. If any input is changes the entire tree is changed

can rush hash function on the root to see if ANY of the tree has changed.

the next block points to the previous block hash. It's the merkle root of all those transactions. Therefore a chain of blocks attest to the prior transactions.

gas benefits are also considered using merkle trees, check one hash, not 100 :)

“The one thing that is missing but will soon be developed is a reliable e-cash, a method whereby on the Internet you can transfer funds from A to B without them knowing each other.” - Milton Friedman

the keys are generated by generating a random private from this elliptical curve seen on the presentation.

datalink: merkle tree of each orgs data structure. root hash is the only one that has be validated from one block to the next.
Go down the branches to validate each doc/data/user

ISSUER/ORG -> ADMIN/LOC -> USER -> USER'S DATA

you cannot. *you must also have the order of the transactions and all the transaction along the path to calculate the mercle rrot and compare*

mempool - tx are waiting to be put into a block

node connects to other nodes based on proximity of values in the hash table. not location, etc.

node = validity of data in the system. Look at the header to make sure the data is legit.
Header entails -> parent hash, root of merkle tree, timestamp, nonce (order of tx)

HW - how will this work w/o central server?

msg each other directly, check other bank acct

multisigs to prevent cheating?
keep things random - prevent cheating

mapping for balaces -> onlyowner - prevent cheating

*upload hw to github repo*
hw and answer to the github repo!

EIP-3668 -> off chain data CSPRNG